README.md, before:

# vagrant-box-ubuntu-cn

> Ubuntu Vagrant Box optimized for CN users

## Optmizations

- Replace apt-get source with [aliyun.com][]
- Replace ruby-gem source with [taobao][]
- Support docker-registry mirror of [daocloud.io][]

[aliyun]: http://mirrors.aliyun.com/.help/ubuntu.html
[taobao]: https://ruby.taobao.org/
[daocloud.io]: https://www.daocloud.io/account/signup?invite=637512f2

## Usage

    vagrant init ubuntu-cn/trusty64
    vagrant up

If you want to accelerate downloading speed of docker images, set a fast **docker-registry** mirror url in your Vagrantfile like this,

    config.vm.provision "shell", inline: "add-docker-registry http://daocloud.io"

You need replace mirror url to a real address, [register][] one if you don't have yet.

[register]: https://www.daocloud.io/account/signup?invite=637512f2

## Contribution

### Update box configuration

Edit Vagrantfile, upload to master branch after tested.

### Package and Install

Because packaged box is very large, we are not going to host it on web. Instead we need package and install it on local environment.

Package box with,

    vagrant package --output trusty64-cn-`date "+%Y%m%d"`.box

See http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/cli/package.html for more options.

Install box with,

    vagrant box add trusty64-cn-`date "+%Y%m%d"`.box --name ubuntu-cn/trusty64

Commit message:

Update readme and bump to 0.1.0

README.md, after:

# vagrant-box-ubuntu-cn

> Ubuntu Vagrant Box optimized for CN users

## Optmizations

- Replace apt-get source with [aliyun.com][]
- Replace ruby-gem source with [taobao][]
- Support docker-registry mirror of [daocloud.io][]

[aliyun.com]: http://mirrors.aliyun.com/.help/ubuntu.html
[taobao]: https://ruby.taobao.org/
[daocloud.io]: https://www.daocloud.io/account/signup?invite=637512f2

## Getting Started

### Download from [vagrantcloud]

    vagrant init ubuntu-cn/trusty64
    vagrant up

[vagrantcloud]: https://atlas.hashicorp.com/ubuntu-cn/boxes/trusty64

### Package at local

You can also package the box at local with

    vagrant package --output trusty64-cn-`date "+%Y%m%d"`.box

and then install it by

    vagrant box add trusty64-cn-`date "+%Y%m%d"`.box --name ubuntu-cn/trusty64

For more options, see http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/cli/package.html


If you want to accelerate downloading speed of docker images, set a fast **docker-registry** mirror url in your Vagrantfile like this,

    config.vm.provision "shell", inline: "add-docker-registry http://daocloud.io"

You need replace mirror url to a real address, [register][] one if you don't have yet.

[register]: https://www.daocloud.io/account/signup?invite=637512f2

## Contributing

Any contribution is more than welcome!
